It's all in existence. All is in this magnificent place. Everything is displayed from the
translucent and perceived by the power of the awareness.
And awareness and emptiness are never separated from this. There is nothing in existence.
And when you relax, how are we going to discover this?
We are going to discover that by relaxing meditating on the natures, not by the analyzations.
When we are trying to analyze this nature, there is nothing really to find.
This is like reflecting more in the water.
There is all, all is preformed, preformed, caused and resolved in the identities. Everything is pre
formed, caused and resolved in the identities of the natures.
And we look there, of course, everything is there still, but we kind of look to the point of our
own mind to maybe assemble it there.
For example, present our mind, where is it coming from?
Now we ask the question to ourselves, where is our mind coming from?
What answer we have? There are no answers. That is known as preformed, caused, and there is no
cause that we can see.
Where our mind is going to go, or going?
Again you ask that question, and you look where is mind going?
There is nothing we can see. And that is simply known as result is preformed, empty, or preformed.
Result is empty. There is nothing to be formed. And then, where is mind now?
If we look, think, think. Again there is nothing, no answer. That is called nature is empty.
So, cause is empty, result is empty, and nature is empty.
This is how we own this. This is not going to matter, nothing is going to matter, nothing we can
see.
It is not going to matter.
Again, I told you, because of the emptiness of this nature's openness, there are all these things
arising.
Things are existing, things are emerging, coming up.
All this just flexible quality of things are happening because of the emptiness.
There is no emptiness, it is solid.
Things are not going to happen as is happening.
The solitude will block everything.
A great Master Mohanam Gautam in the Kṛṣṇī Bhānī Kṛṣṇu, he took many times for days.
Even his Mohanam Gautam says, "There is even one tiny, small atom is existing as solid."
If the rest is just like not solid, one atom is solid.
That one atom will block the whole system.
It will create big, tougher games.
Now everything is moving, everything is shifting, everything starts forming.
That's both subject level, object level, all is like big movements happening.
But if one atom exists, solid, concretely exists in a permanent land,
it will block the whole system.
And we cannot move, we cannot breathe, we cannot think.
Everything becomes acid. What's called? Zombie.
Then it's zombie. Do we want to be zombie?
No, of course. No way of hosing, no way of hosing.
That's the one we really sold.
Therefore, great Master Mohanam Gautam has said, "How wonderful, this openness,
this freedom, vastness."
Therefore, we also deluded, but now we can also go back to that nature.
Everything is solid, we cannot do anything.
Completely stuck.
And then, next one, the nature of the emptiness is how luminously those are immaculately.
And then also nature is already, nature of the mind is three guys status.
Three guys status. It's dharmakaya, sambhokaya, namakaya status.
How wonderful, how beautiful. When you realize this nature,
then it is for that reason how amazing that is the nature of the mind.
The nature of the mind.
And then we move to the next page, page seventy.
Page seventy.
And everything is emptiness, but that's going to help.
That is not really going to help, yet it is dharmakaya.
And if you think of all this, the emptiness, not the emptiness of all nature,
that's also not going to help.
For those reasons, relaxing on the nature stage as it is.
When realization grows, when the development comes,
what is the capability of all the individuals, according to their capabilities?
Gradually, instantly, then the wisdom that goes beyond the conceptual world belongs.
Individually, the primordial wisdom beyond the conceptual world begins to succeed.
So, up to that is really about the meditation.
Now, as I said, indirectly, now what we can?